[OSDOCS#17176]: Make changes as per the errors and warnings for CQA-2 (#114253)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/security-network-isolating.adoc

//
// * security/container_security/security-network.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: CONCEPT
[id="security-network-isolating_{context}"]
= Isolating applications

[role="_abstract"]

> {product-title} enables you to segment network traffic on a single cluster to make multitenant clusters that isolate users, teams, applications, and environments from non-global resources.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can segment network traffic on a single cluster to make multitenant clusters that isolate users, teams, applications, and environments from non-global resources.
```
